the wwf has posted on its official website
the predictions they have for ur
sleman and 32 on that list obviously not
could steam miss versus undertaker in
the description will leave you the link on
champion of nx of kevin owens was
interviewed here the highlights of the
interview of this heavy fighter about
the ww being in this company is a dream
come true my parents know that
since I was 11 years old this was my dream and
I managed to make it come true another of the
dreams come true is to converse with
shawn michaels he is one of the reasons
why I'm here when I saw it
fight on lehman websites since 11 was when
I decided that I wanted to be a fighter
tell him in person I could speak half
hour with him on a stream on his
injury my knee goes well I'm going ahead
to the deadlines set in a couple of
I'll be 100% week is great because
Since I arrived, I have not been able to fight
100% was an injury that had me
bothered since my debut when I get back
I will be better than ever another novel that
apparently it was closed
but that's so very informative
q interesting as told in no
moment he spoke with vince mcmahon but that
he always spoke with triple h this was what
who said triple h is who is in charge
I discovered it when I got in touch
with vince I've always had a good
relationship with triple h so I was
somewhat confident but apparently I
I made a mistake because he canceled our meeting
I never had the opportunity to see them or
they even sat down and talked with me
when I found out that wwf was not
interested in my return I was shocked
it was as if I were a me seeing as álex
tyler dna approached me they gave me everything
I wanted the dates the money and time
free
from that moment I said I will not insist
to triple h nor to vince anymore when
you get to this you have to continue with the
people who want to take care of you one of
my dreamed fights if I had returned
it would have been kurt anglais versus
daniel bryan good at least understood that
can not betray the company that
gave the recognition first with ww
then you wanted to go tn
to make more money let's see if at
final cut is true or not true
is that I do not think kurt annul is left
in the company yes vince just for fuck
offers you a contract I was happy
with the idea of ​​seeing kurt and le in ww
but tn has helped a lot I am
aware that the company also
it comes out winning but it would be unfair
let's go good guys we start with
another elimination on this occasion will be in
Spanish so comment in the box
comments the name of the event,
wrestlers and the recommended year put
from 2005 onwards it may be that
find some older ones but if you
comment has several little hands
up and does not appear in the deletion anymore
you know what the reason is finally I want
thank those nine thousand people
subscribed to the channel we are close to
add one more digit to the numbers of
subscribers I do not know what rays to do for
celebrate that moment any
recommendation you know where to comment
until next time